doc - bump version in the static files - update doc on Gloo Admin UI deployment (#5834)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/enterprise/_index.md

| observability.customGrafana.apiKey                        | string   | authenticate to the custom grafana instance using this api key
| observability.customGrafana.url                           | string   | the URL for the custom grafana instance
---

## Enterprise UI

Prior to Gloo Edge Enterprise v1.8.9, the Enterprise UI was only available if Gloo Federation was enabled.

> Starting in v1.8.9, the UI is included by default for all Gloo Edge Enterprise users as well.

Reviewer: For version 1.8.9 and later, Gloo Edge Enterprise includes the user interface (UI) by default. Prior versions have the UI only when you enable Gloo Federation.

> Note that if you have Gloo Federation enabled, the UI does not show any data until you [register one or more clusters]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/gloo_federation/cluster_registration/" >}}). If Gloo Federation is disabled, the UI shows the installed Gloo Edge instance automatically without cluster registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when you enable Gloo Federation in version 1.8.9 or later, the UI does not show any data until you [register one or more clusters]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/gloo_federation/cluster_registration/" >}}). If you do not use Gloo Federation, the UI shows the installed Gloo Edge instance automatically without cluster registration.
```

> To disable the Gloo Federation install, you can set
> ```shell script
> gloo-fed.enabled=false
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable Gloo Federation, you can set `gloo-fed.enabled=false` during installation as shown in the following examples.
```
